Summary openai supabase (#158)
zenml-io/blog.zenml.io: _posts/2023-04-30-openai-supabase-summary.md

---
layout: post
author: "Hamza Tahir"
title: "Using ZenML with GPT-4 to Analyze and Version Data from Supabase: A Case Study with you-tldr.com"
description: "Explore how ZenML, an MLOps framework, and OpenAI's GPT-4 can analyze and version data from a Supabase database. In this case study, we examine the you-tldr.com website, showcasing ZenML pipelines asynchronously processing video data and generating summaries with GPT-4. Understand how to tackle large language model limitations by versioning data and comparing summaries to unlock your data's potential with this powerful showcase."
category: zenml
tags: tooling zenml evergreen llm foundationmodels
publish_date: April 30, 2023
date: 2023-04-30T00:02:00Z
thumbnail: /assets/posts/gpt-4-supabase-summary/youtldr_summarizer_slack.png
image:
  path: /assets/posts/gpt-4-supabase-summary/youtldr_summarizer_slack.png
---

**Last updated:** April 30, 2023

> # Using ZenML with GPT-4 to Analyze and Version Data from Supabase: A Case Study with you-tldr.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Title is already populated above.

> In this blog post, we'll explore how ZenML can be used in conjunction with OpenAI's GPT-4 to analyze and version data from a Supabase database. We'll use the you-tldr.com website as an example, showcasing how the site populates an analytics table in Supabase and how ZenML asynchronously picks up the latest video data for analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this blog post, we'll explore how ZenML can be used in conjunction with OpenAI's GPT-4 to analyze and version data from a Supabase database. We'll use the [you-tldr.com](https://you-tldr.com/) website as an example, showcasing how the site populates an analytics table in Supabase and how ZenML asynchronously picks up the latest video data for analysis.
```

Large language models (LLMs) like GPT-4 have revolutionized natural language processing, offering unparalleled capabilities for knowledge generation and reasoning. However, incorporating custom, private data into these models remains a challenge. ZenML, an extensible, open-source MLOps framework, can help overcome this limitation by versioning data and allowing for comparisons between summaries rather than raw data.

# 🧑‍🎓 The you-tldr.com Case Study

> [you-tldr.com](https://you-tldr.com) is a website that provides concise summaries of YouTube videos. The site populates an analytics table in Supabase with the latest video data from its users. We'll demonstrate how ZenML can be used to analyze this data using GPT-4 and version the summaries for comparison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[you-tldr.com](https://you-tldr.com) is a website that provides concise summaries of YouTube videos. The site populates an analytics table in Supabase with information about the kinds of videos that users are choosing to summarize. We'll demonstrate how ZenML can be used to analyze this data using GPT-4 and version the summaries for comparison.
```

## 🛠️ Creating the ZenML pipeline

### 📊 Populating a Supabase Analytics Table

The you-tldr.com website updates the Supabase analytics table with the latest video titles. This table serves as the data source for our ZenML pipeline, which will use GPT-4 to generate summaries of visitor activity over the last 24 hours. Here is a snapshot of the data:

> 
> | video_title                                                                                          | created_at                    |
> | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
> | $75,000 Grants Now Available 10,000 Grants - Startups - Existing - Self Employed FREE MONEY NOT LOAN | 2023-04-19 16:39:23.157915+00 |
> | $90 3v3 Challenge: Domi, Size, Hummi vs Crazy, Ammo, Boycah | C&C Generals Zero Hour                 | 2023-04-30 00:29:03.918995+00 |
> | $9000 Table Build                                                                                    |
> | 'A Bad Case of Stripes' read by Sean Astin                                                           | 2023-03-29 08:43:27.115494+00 |
> | 'A Bicycle of the Mind' - Steve Jobs on the Computer                                                 | 2023-04-11 13:47:25.8898+00   |
> | 'A Day in the Life' at My Off Grid Property! | Fish Pond, Forest Maintenance, Winching, Sawmill Shed | 2023-04-29 20:34:57.28206+00  |
> | 'A Tale of Two Beasts' read by Sarah Silverman                                                       | 2023-03-23 13:50:36.405557+00 |
> | 'Brave Irene' read by Al Gore                                                                        | 2023-03-29 02:40:08.482399+00 |
> | 'Brilliant' and 'disgusting': New Trump ad pokes fun at DeSantis' alleged eating habit               | 2023-04-18 01:45:52.157644+00 |
> | 'Censorship we can get behind': Elon Musk tears down tweet celebrating 'paedophile pride day'        | 2023-04-30 00:34:06.551438+00 |
> | 'Clark the Shark' read by Chris Pine                                                                 | 2023-03-27 02:49:25.704303+00 |
> | 'Emergency' Fed rate cut by June, only 6 U.S. banks will be left by 2025 paving way for CBDC - Dowd  | 2023-03-25 09:02:01.49922+00  |
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
| video_title                                                                                          | created_at                    |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- |
| $75,000 Grants Now Available 10,000 Grants - Startups - Existing - Self Employed FREE MONEY NOT LOAN | 2023-04-19 16:39:23.157915+00 |
| $90 3v3 Challenge: Domi, Size, Hummi vs Crazy, Ammo, Boycah | C&C Generals Zero Hour                 | 2023-04-30 00:29:03.918995+00 |
| $9000 Table Build                                                                                    |
| 'A Bad Case of Stripes' read by Sean Astin                                                           | 2023-03-29 08:43:27.115494+00 |
| 'A Bicycle of the Mind' - Steve Jobs on the Computer                                                 | 2023-04-11 13:47:25.8898+00   |
| 'A Day in the Life' at My Off Grid Property! | Fish Pond, Forest Maintenance, Winching, Sawmill Shed | 2023-04-29 20:34:57.28206+00  |
| 'A Tale of Two Beasts' read by Sarah Silverman                                                       | 2023-03-23 13:50:36.405557+00 |
| 'Brave Irene' read by Al Gore                                                                        | 2023-03-29 02:40:08.482399+00 |
| 'Brilliant' and 'disgusting': New Trump ad pokes fun at DeSantis' alleged eating habit               | 2023-04-18 01:45:52.157644+00 |
| 'Censorship we can get behind': Elon Musk tears down tweet celebrating 'paedophile pride day'        | 2023-04-30 00:34:06.551438+00 |
| 'Clark the Shark' read by Chris Pine                                                                 | 2023-03-27 02:49:25.704303+00 |
| 'Emergency' Fed rate cut by June, only 6 U.S. banks will be left by 2025 paving way for CBDC - Dowd  | 2023-03-25 09:02:01.49922+00  |
```

```

                + "\n"
                + params.prompt_example
                + "\n"
                + "Here is the data: "
                + str(documents)
                + "\n"
                + "And here is the previous analysis: "
                + last_analysis,
            },
        ],
        temperature=0,
        max_tokens=256,
        top_p=1.0,
        frequency_penalty=0.0,
        presence_penalty=0.0,
    )
    return response.choices[0].message.content
```

The `gpt_4_summarizer` step is a custom ZenML step that leverages GPT-4 to generate summaries of the input data. It takes `SummarizerParams` and a list of documents as input, along with the `StepContext` to access previous pipeline runs.

The step first retrieves the secret API key for OpenAI and checks for any previous analysis. If a previous analysis is found, it is included in the input to GPT-4. This allows GPT-4 to consider the previous analysis while generating the new summary.

The step then calls the GPT-4 API with the specified parameters and input data, including the documents and the previous analysis. The API returns a summary, which is then returned as the output of the step.

> This custom step can be adapted for other use cases by modifying the input parameters, the GPT-4 model, or the API call. For example, you could use this step to generate summaries for different types of data, use a different language model, or customize the API call to suit your specific needs. By customizing this step, you can harness the power of GPT-4 and Zen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This custom step can be adapted for other use cases by modifying the input parameters, the GPT-4 model, or the API call. For example, you could use this step to generate summaries for different types of data, use a different language model, or customize the API call to suit your specific needs. By customizing this step, you can harness the power of GPT-4 and ZenML.
```

Given the cost difference, you'd probably be better off using `chat-3.5-turbo` instead. It's more than capable enough to handle this task.

### 📆 Daily reports on Slack

<figure>
  <img src="/assets/posts/gpt-4-supabase-summary/youtldr_summarizer_slack.png" alt="Analysis is reported to Slack every day.">
  <figcaption style="text-align:center;font-size:14px;color:#666;">Analysis is reported to Slack every day.</figcaption>
</figure>

## 🚀 Overcoming GPT-4 Limitations with ZenML

One of the key insights of this case study is that by versioning the summaries over multiple pipelines, we can overcome GPT-4's context limitations. Instead of comparing raw data, we can compare summaries generated by GPT-4, allowing for more meaningful insights and analysis.

```mermaid
graph TB
A[you-tldr.com] --> B[Supabase Analytics Table]
B --> C[ZenML Pipeline]
C --> D[GPT-4 Analysis]
D --> E[Versioned Summaries]
E --> F[GPT-4 Comparison]
F --> G[Insights]
```

**Figure 4:** System Architecture Diagram

## 🎯 Conclusion

> This case study demonstrates the power of combining ZenML with GPT-4 to analyze and version data from a Supabase database. By using ZenML to manage data versioning and GPT-4 for analysis, we can overcome the limitations of LLMs and gain valuable insights from our data. If you're interested in leveraging the latest technology for your own projects, consider using ZenML in conjunction with GPT-4 and Supabase to unlock the full potential of your data.

Reviewer: Probably wants some links or something back to ZenML, maybe to other LLM- or OpenAI- related posts and docs etc? Also to the project repo itself?

---
layout: post
author: "Hamza Tahir"

> title: "Using ZenML with LLMs to Analyze and Version Data from Databases: A Case Study with you-tldr.com and Supabase/GPT-4"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "Using ZenML with LLMs to Analyze Your Databases: A Case Study with you-tldr.com and Supabase/GPT-4"
```

**Figure 4:** System Architecture Diagram

## 🌟 The Power of Summarizing Enterprise Data Over Time

The true power of this project lies in its ability to read from an enterprise dataset and generate summaries over time. By combining the capabilities of ZenML, GPT-4, and Supabase, we can create a powerful system that can be applied to a wide range of use cases.

> For example, imagine combining a user table with the summaries generated by this pipeline. The last step of the pipeline could automatically generate personalized marketing emails based on the summarized data, allowing for highly targeted and effective communication with customers.

Reviewer: Perhaps just me, but the 'vibes' of this use case don't really resonate. Is there a way to rephrase or reframe this?

Author: I've rephrased it in the new version, let me know if its better vibes? :-)

Reviewer: What new version?

Author: @strickvl just pushed

> Another potential application is monitoring and analyzing trends in your data over time. By generating summaries at regular intervals, you can gain valuable insights into how your data is changing and evolving, allowing you to make more informed decisions and adapt your strategies accordingly.

Reviewer: Don't find this point very convincing. We have lots of tools for doing this already. Maybe the thing to say here is that it allows for quick POCs, or for implementations from people with less technical experience? or it allows for quick iteration and experimentation on the end-to-end use case which people can then adapt with more built-to-purpose tools?

Author: I understand. I think maybe we should rather focus on ZenML benefits like getting into production ready orchestrators etc. I'll add that
